## Syntax

Sugar use a special but very powerful syntax for mixins and functions. Don't be afraid, it's something that you use every single day already!

### Base concept

What I mean by that is that a lot of mixins and functions have ony 1 parameter that will describe what you mean. It's a little bit like in css when you write for example:

```css
list-style : decimal url(../myCoolBullet.png);
```

This line above is in reality a shorthand for 2 different css properties:

```css
list-style-stype : decimal;
list-style-image : url(../myCoolBullet.png);
```

You can see that it's a lot more effective to write the first example.

### Sugar concept

Sugar take this concept a lot further and let you describe for exemple your font style with 1 mixin like so :

```scss
@include s-font(12px helvetica bold uppercase italic #ff0000 nowrap right);
```

This simple line will be transformed in this css

```css
font-size : 0.75rem; // based on 16px
font-family : helvetica;
font-weight : bold;
text-transform : uppercase;
font-style : italic;
color : #ff0000;
white-space : nowrap;
text-align : right;
```

You can see the benefits here. **And sugar does come with a lot more than the s-font mixin!**


### Under the hood

Sugar describe each of his mixins and functions with a descriptor map that tells which properties can be passed and each properties possible values or type (number, string, etc...)
When multiple properties have no specific possible values like "nowrap,wrap" and that they have the same type like "number", then it's the order that matter. Here's an example:

```scss
// s-translate mixin properties
// -x : number
// -y : number
// -z : number

// using it
@include s-translate(10px 20px);

// this will mean
transform : translateX(10px) translateY(20px);
```

Sometimes, mixins have a lot more possible parameters that this. Then you need to be more specific to specify your properties. You can then write something like this:

```scss
@include s-translate(-z 10px -x 20px);

// this mean
transform : translateX(20px) translateZ(10px);
```

> Each parameters are specified by the prefix -, then you have the parameters values. **-{parameter} {value} -{parameter} {value1} {value2}** etc...

> These 2 techniques can be mixed like so : s-font(12px helvetica -letter-spacing 10px). The explicit parameters have to be **after** implicit ones.


### Alternative syntax

Sugar allows you to pass parameters by the syntax you've just seen above. If you prefer, you can also pass a map with all your parameters like so

```scss
@include s-font((
	font-size : 12px,
	tt : uppercase, // tt is alias of text-transform
	font-weight : bold
	// etc...
));
```