## Effects

Sugar gave you access to some cool effects that you can implemente really easely in your project like the motion blur, the gooey effect and more to come.
Feel free to send me your ideas, some url's, etc that can became part of the sugar toolkit.

### Motion blur

The motion blur in front-end development is quite difficult to achieve. You can try to make it happens with some css blur effect but it will always blur your element in x AND y directions. That's not what we expect in motion blur.
Thanks to SVG filters!
Sugar let you implement motion blur with ease. You just need to load a micro js file and add an attribute to your html element, that's it!
You can see an [example here](http://olivierbossel.github.io/sugar/demo.html#motion-blur)

```markup
<script src="js/sugar-motion-blur.js"></script>

<div class="my-cool-moving-element" data-motion-blur>
	<!-- anything you want here... -->
</div>
```

```scss
@keyframes moving {
	from {
		@include s-translate(0);
	}
	to {
		@include s-translate(500px);
	}
}
.my-cool-moving-element {
	@include s-animation(moving .3s ease-in-out);
}
```


#### Attributes

data-motion-blur="..."
: 	Make the motion blur happens on the element
: 	@value 	| **amount** | the amount of motion wanted | default : 0.5


#### Events that trigger the motion blur

animationiteration
: 	Native event automatically launched when a css animation is started

transitionstart
: 	Event that you have to trigger on your element when you launch a css transition

move
: 	Event that you can trigger to apply a a specific time the correct motion blur amount


### Gooey

The gooey effect is a really cool one. It allows you to make a kind of water/oil blend effect when your elements. You can see an [example here](http://olivierbossel.github.io/sugar/demo.html#gooey)

```markup
<script src="js/sugar-gooey.js"></script>

<div class="my-cool-gooey-element" data-gooey>
	<!-- anything you want here... -->
	<!-- the effect take his power if the elements are moving -->
</div>
```


#### Attributes

data-gooey="..."
: 	Make the gooey happens on the element
: 	@value 	| **amount** | the amount of gooey wanted | default : 10


#### Events that trigger the gooey

DOMNodeInserted
: 	Listen for that to init newly added gooey elements

> If you have the sugar-domnodeinserted.js file in your page and that you use sugar in your css, you don't need to take care of this event cause it's triggered automatically on the gooey elements.